enough to do what's going on
the lead-up to the full moon honey
problem is is it all saying that you
don't get crabs at any months that
doesn't have an R in it well there's no
our in may be but we're good fella's
either
now there's another old saying that you
don't get crabs on reef fish frames
we've got every species of reef fish
that demand in it let's give it a try
now where would you rather be at home
watching TV we do have a jabbing feed
watching this
now as you can see the cameras trying to
cope with the reduced light is what's
getting a bit grainy but it was shot on
an el cheapo still camera not even a
video camera
it's really
as you can see Rosco uses reflective
tape on his floats which makes them a
lot easier to pick out in amongst all
the other floats out there and they were
quite a lot of other pops out there
we'll use a few different styles of pots
I was using the crabbing gear pop-up
ones which work really well in lay flat
Rosco was using these he's very well
proven old square pots that he's had for
added years and they caught plenty of
crabs now Rosco uses what we call the
four toe technique he kicks his shoe off
and that ties a credit up with his bare
foot one mistake one slip could you head
up with four toes see if you can count
how many toes he's got the heck that
thumb is not an injury from the crabs
that's has some injury from tree cutting
through the week
bloody crab
some we got some we've got a fade